Shared spack (#47615)
spack/spack: lib/spack/docs/mirrors.rst

Mirror precedence
-----------------

> Adding a mirror really adds a line in ``~/.config/spack/mirrors.yaml``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding a mirror really adds an entry in the mirrors config, by default stored in the user environment scope at ``~/.config/spack/mirrors.yaml``:
```

Spack caches resources that are downloaded as part of installations.
The cache is a valid Spack mirror: it uses the same directory structure and naming scheme as other Spack mirrors (so it can be copied anywhere and referenced with a URL like other mirrors).

> The mirror is maintained locally (within the Spack installation directory) at :file:`$spack/opt/data`.

Reviewer: This needs to move outside of the Spack prefix

> The mirror is maintained locally (within the Spack installation directory) at :file:`$data_home/downloads`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mirror is maintained locally at :file:`$data_home/downloads`.
```
